README.md, before:

# PwnDoc

PwnDoc is a pentest reporting application making it simple and easy to write your findings and generate a customizable Docx report.  
The main goal is to have more time to **Pwn** and less time to **Doc** by mutualizing data like vulnerabilities between users.

# Documentation
- [Installation](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/installation)
- [Data](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/data)
- [Vulnerabilities](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/vulnerabilities)
- [Audits](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/audits)
- [Templating](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/docxtemplate)


# Features

- Multiple Language support
- Multiple Data support
- Great Customization
  - Manage reusable Audit and Vulnerability Data
  - Create Custom Sections
  - Add custom fields to Vulnerabilities
- Vulnerabilities Management
- Multi-User reporting
- Docx Report Generation
- Docx Template customization

# Demos

#### Multi-User reporting
![Shared Audit demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/shared_audit_demo.gif)

#### Finding edition
![Finding edit demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/audit_finding_demo.gif)

#### Vulnerability management workflow
![Create and update demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/create_and_update_finding.gif)

# Donate

If you would like to help me and sponsor this project

[:heart: Sponsor Me](https://github.com/sponsors/yeln4ts)

Or you can send me some crypto love

| Bitcoin | Ethereum |
|:----------------------------------------:|:--------:|
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160478210-ddc3b0ec-6eeb-4112-b1f0-ff1a4ee7c074.png">| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160478210-ddc3b0ec-6eeb-4112-b1f0-ff1a4ee7c074.png"> |
| BTC address: `bc1q6z2n99effsmla5mj4ctk3ya6nd76truf6qfe7y` | ETH address: `0xB76cd48CD6C098DE85928e125b44057D3B372821` |

# Sponsors

Thank you for your support

[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160469615-51ae233b-38d3-4e05-adaf-0ad8633e101f.png" height="50">](https://www.on-x.com)

[<img src="https://github.com/relaxedricky.png" height="50" />](https://github.com/relaxedricky)
[<img src="https://github.com/belane.png" height="50" />](https://github.com/belane)

Commit message:

Updated readme for features and future updates

README.md, after:

# PwnDoc

PwnDoc is a pentest reporting application making it simple and easy to write your findings and generate a customizable Docx report.  
The main goal is to have more time to **Pwn** and less time to **Doc** by mutualizing data like vulnerabilities between users.

This fork would bridge the features missing from pnwdoc and pwndoc-ng with more features incomming
# Documentation
- [Installation](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/installation)
- [Data](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/data)
- [Vulnerabilities](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/vulnerabilities)
- [Audits](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/audits)
- [Templating](https://pwndoc.github.io/pwndoc/#/docxtemplate)


# Features

- Multiple Language support
- Multiple Data support
- Great Customization
  - Manage reusable Audit and Vulnerability Data
  - Create Custom Sections
  - Add custom fields to Vulnerabilities
- Vulnerabilities Management
- Multi-User reporting
- Docx Report Generation
- Docx Template customization

# Additional Features other than pwndoc

- Import Vulnerability from Nessus
- Collabarative Editing (Fixed for dev environment) - credits Pwndoc-ng
- Font Allignment on Editor
- Import/Export Client Collabarators Company - credits Pwndoc-ng

# Roadmap
- Preview Dashboard
- Email Notification
- Import of other VA scanners (Burp,zap,Mobsf etc)
- Status Updates Tag
- Security commands database and automation
- Tasks manager
- Issue Tracker for Project
# Demos

#### Multi-User reporting
![Shared Audit demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/shared_audit_demo.gif)

#### Finding edition
![Finding edit demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/audit_finding_demo.gif)

#### Vulnerability management workflow
![Create and update demo gif](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pwndoc/pwndoc/master/demos/create_and_update_finding.gif)

# Donate

If you would like to help me and sponsor this project

[:heart: Sponsor Me](https://github.com/sponsors/yeln4ts)

Or you can send me some crypto love

| Bitcoin | Ethereum |
|:----------------------------------------:|:--------:|
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160478210-ddc3b0ec-6eeb-4112-b1f0-ff1a4ee7c074.png">| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160478210-ddc3b0ec-6eeb-4112-b1f0-ff1a4ee7c074.png"> |
| BTC address: `bc1q6z2n99effsmla5mj4ctk3ya6nd76truf6qfe7y` | ETH address: `0xB76cd48CD6C098DE85928e125b44057D3B372821` |

# Sponsors

Thank you for your support

[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4255028/160469615-51ae233b-38d3-4e05-adaf-0ad8633e101f.png" height="50">](https://www.on-x.com)

[<img src="https://github.com/relaxedricky.png" height="50" />](https://github.com/relaxedricky)
[<img src="https://github.com/belane.png" height="50" />](https://github.com/belane)
